SETUP
1. Check your Chrome version by clicking the 3 dots at the top right in Chrome, Help, then About Google Chrome. ™Download the appropriate web driver for Chrome from https://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads.
    1.1 Move the chromedriver.exe file to the same folder as this one.
2. Go to https://www.python.org/downloads/ to download Python (if you do not have Python installed yet).
3. Go to the folder that contains the program files.
    2.1 Mac: Follow the instructions on https://www.maketecheasier.com/launch-terminal-current-folder-mac/ to open Terminal
    2.2 Windows: Type 'cmd' on the address bar of the Windows Explorer window of the current folder.
4. In Terminal (Mac) or CMD (Windows), type 'pip install -r requirements.txt'.
    4.1 For Windows, you might need to type 'py -m pip install -r requirements.txt' instead.

USAGE
1. Follow Step 3 of SETUP to open CMD or Terminal in the current folder.
2. Type 'python3 RUNME.py' or 'py RUNME.py' and follow the instructions to add a new booking. (Use Ctrl+Z to exit the program any time)
    a. Click 2. for add a weekly recurring booking!
3. Before the time of the booking, click 4. in RUNME.py to check that the details of the upcoming booking are correct, then click 1. to start waiting. 
4. Make sure your PC is switched on (set it to not sleep or hibernate!) at the time of the booking.
5. Check if the booking has been made when you are free

FAILED BOOKINGS?
There are a number of reasons why a booking could fail.
1. The computer was not on at the time of booking, or Option 4 in the main menu was not selected.
2. None of the time slots specified was available.
    2.1 Someone booked the slot faster.
    2.2 The slot was pre-booked, and thus never available in the first place.
A booking could have succeeded although some time slots were not booked.

THINGS TO NOTE
1. For more competitive slots (e.g. Stadium Field), add those bookings first so that they will be booked first.
2. For a recurring booking, if you miss the booking for one week (i.e. you did not leave the program open at the time of booking), the recurring booking will be erased.
3. Currently unable to select options in the subvenue dropdown list :(
4. If CAPTCHA appears, this program will also unfortunately fail :(